Welcome back my the student.
So on this new lectures I'm going to show you how to create awesome delete Moldau.
We bootstrap now.
Right now we have a little pop up when we click when we click it we get this little javascript pop up
right.
This doesn't look very sexy doesn't look very nice.
I'm going to show you how to create one that looks like this.
Let me show you.
If I go and say Bush strap down.
Whoops I misspelled it but my best friend helping me if I go here and I click here you can see this
little box here.
This is this is going to look very nice.
Or C a mess and we can have a really read delete button here and a castle here.
I mean you're going to see that it's going to look great if you want to see a preview of a preview.
I'm pretty sure this section is going to have a couple of more lectures go to the last one and I'll
show you a preview there at the end of that lecture.
All right.
So anyway but it's going to be really nice.
Let me show you how we can implement this in our system.
First of all let's go and back to you through school.
See I believe they have that cold but you can get the cold from Bootstrap.
I'm going to take this Moldau code from here and I'm going to go to admin includes And right here I'm
going to create a new file called Delete Modahl that BHB.
All right.
Save it.
There we go.
Paste that code in there and I'm going to go to your post because that's where I wanted to include it
right.
And if I go and say include or more now
the DUP ph B and then go back here and then refresh us what did I call that file.
I never included a file here the day is called The Lead Moldau.
All right.
I did include it but I put the order in the wrong place.
So now we have this Moldau we click on it and we get these bots included automatically beautiful right
now we need two more you know study a little bit so I'm going to go back here to the Moldau.
I'm going to create an anchor tag right here with a class of between.
In another class of VTM.
Danger right that that's going to make a read and I'm going to call this cancel actually delete this
one is going to be called cancel.
I'm going to put an extra class because we are going to be targeting this I'm going to call this down
the link there.
All right.
Just remember the name just in case we forget.
All right so now that we have this let's just look at it real quick.
All right perfect.
So now we got it working right.
And here we just want a nice touch to say something like Are you sure you want to delete
this post or whatever it is that you are
deleting all right so now you don't even have to go to the last lecture to actually see this being implemented.
Now you can see right here look at this.
Are you sure you want to delete delete or cancel.
Now one that takes a little bigger right.
So let's make this H1 an H1.
Whoops.
I don't need to show you that right.
So anyway so what we're going to be doing and how we are going to be doing it is that they see if we
can minimize this a little bit so that we know
we can make it to actually too big.
All right
that's fine.
All right so the way we are going to be doing this is when we click here.
All right we need to pull the ID out of the post whatever ID we have here.
And that way we can send our requests to the delete function right.
So let's do that.
And we're going to be doing that Jake where we so we're going to be using a little bit of that here.
All right.
Now one thing that I have to let you know is that in order for us to target this specific button here
we need to write the code the javascript code in the same file on the View or post page.
Why.
Because that data is being produced dynamically and we cannot access that data from anywhere else unless
we are in the same dynamic data unless we include that javascript there in that same dynamic data.
And that way we're going to be doing that by putting javascript somewhere here.
So if we go the way to the bottom here of this file view view Opal's we can write our javascript right
here right.
And we can create a document right here.
But instead of creating all that document that right we can go to scripts and get it from there right
here.
All right.
We're going to close it with.
There we go.
Now alert just to make sure that it is working.
And let's go to
this bar right here let's create a copy of it and then commented it out.
And all this we're going to take off this on click right there.
And this shows make sure he has an ref and also lets make sure he has a class right.
Right.
And we're going to call this the lead or the lead link just delete link.
Come back here.
Copy that out.
Well actually we have our call right here.
Let's go to the bottom here and let's create an event here for that and we get an essay on we're going
to use this function on from Jake Querrey when we click on it.
We want this callback function to be activated and this callback function is going to have this alert.
I was going to say works or something like that.
All right.
We save and make sure that you save everything.
And if we refresh we click on this and he says he doesn't work.
All right.
See that.
And the reason why he doesn't work is because on this view or post page Jake he's not included remember
that Jake worries include all the way in the bottom of the page on the footer brei all the way in the
bottom of the foot and we are not including this all the way in the bottom of the footer.
So what we need to do is we need to go to our includes Go to our footer and take Jake worry out there.
This script the link and go to the header and include this right after our editor pasted.
And if we refresh and click on that file again.
Now it works.
All right.
Beautiful Let's see if we can do something else on this very real quick.
So the next step for them for us to do is to pull the idea out of it.
That's the first step.
So how are we going to do that.
Well let's go back to your polls here and if we look at the link we have a class here and this link
already called the lead.
All right but we don't have the pulse ID anywhere here.
Well we have it right here.
So let's copy this false ID copy in and let's put it in this create another issue here called Roe.
And let's just post the ID right there.
So now we can pull it from this specific link so we save it.
Let's go back to the bottom code right here.
Let's target that and we're going to say this.
Let's put a variable for us and this caller ID that's used Jake way with this meaning this specific
link whatever link is clicking.
We are clicking on the moment and we're going to be pulling out the ID from the rail from the acha view
and the actual name is rail.
And now the idea should be there let's just alert it just to make sure that it is there.
And if you don't know Jack very much you can take my Jake workhorse and you can learn a whole bunch
is pretty useful basically javascript but in an easier way to do it.
So we refresh make sure that and when we click and we get the ID right here it's working beautiful.
And now we click on another one we get the idea for that specific link.
That's why we use this right here.
All right.
Remember this function this callback function is targeting this specific link the specific class wherever
that class is targeting.
And this means just that specific item that element right.
In this case is an eye an anchor tag with a class of delete link.
But anyway hopefully you got this far right if not just rewind the video and look at it's pretty easy
to do.
And if this confuses you again I have a really good Jake where recourse available and that is there's
always discounts available on the specific platform or if you ask me and if you can afford it I can
always help you out.
Anyway thank you so much.
Now see you on the net.
The lecture